Here I am using a very simple JScript to create "test" directory in "D:"

Script used:-

function Main()
{
	var fso = new ActiveXObject("Scripting.FileSystemObject");
	var a = fso.CreateFolder("d:\\test");
}

Steps to use above script with Nvn Installer
1. Start Nvn Installer.
2. Set all necessory properties in "Product Information" tab.
3. Select "Custom Actions" tab. 
4. Select "JScript" for custom action type and click "Add Custom Action".

JScript can be used in 3 ways

Script in a file. 
Create a file with .js extension, for example sampleAction.js and place above in that file, save it.
A.If JScript is one of the file being installed	
	a. Select "Components" tab (left side)
	b. Set Destination folder and add above application file under it.
	c. Select "True" for "Is part of installation".
	d. Now Click "..." which shows components set in components tab.
	e. Select JScript file in popup window.
B. If Jscript is a binary file (which is cleaned by windows installer after installation). 
	a. Select "False" for "Is part of installation".
	b. Now Click "..." which shows normal file select dialog. Locate JScript file which we created above.
	
C. Using code editor
Directly place above code in script editor. That is all !
	
5. Set "Main" (without quotes aroung it) for JScript Call.
6. Select appropriate value for "When?", for example "Installation" if you want to execute this custom action only during installation. Go to http://www.nvninstaller.com/help/customactions/jscript-custom-actions to know more about it.
7.  Select menu "Project" >> "Build" or Press F5 to build MSI package.

Now execute the setup package generated by Nvn Installer and check whether "test" directory is created in "D:" after installation.


Security Note

This sample is provided to illustrate a concept and should not be used in applications or Web sites. Naveen Hegde, author of Nvn Installer assumes no liability for incidental or consequential damages should the sample be used for purposes other than as intended.