Here I am using a very simple VBScript to create "test" directory in "D:"

Script used:-

Sub Main()
	Set objFSO = CreateObject("Scripting.FileSystemObject")
	Set objFolder = objFSO.CreateFolder("D:\test")
End Sub

Steps to use above script with Nvn Installer
1. Start Nvn Installer.
2. Set all necessory properties in "Product Information" tab.
3. Select "Custom Actions" tab. 
4. Select "VBScript" for custom action type and click "Add Custom Action".

VBScript can be used in 3 ways

Script in a file. 
Create a file with .vbs extension, for example sampleAction.vbs and place sample code in that file, save it.
A.If VBScript is one of the file being installed	
	a. Select "Components" tab (left side)
	b. Set Destination folder and add script file under it.
	c. Select "True" for "Is part of installation".
	d. Now Click "..." which shows all components under destination folder.
	e. Select VBScript file in popup window.
B. If VBScript is a binary file (which is cleaned by windows installer after installation). 
	a. Select "False" for "Is part of installation".
	b. Now Click "..." which shows normal file select dialog. Locate VBScript file which we created above.
	
Using code editor
C. Directly place above code in script editor. That is all!
	
5. Set "Main" (without quotes aroung it) for VBScript Call.
6. Select appropriate value for "When?", for example "Installation" if you want to execute this custom action only during installation. Go to http://www.nvninstaller.com/help/customactions/vbscript-custom-actions to know more about it.
7.  Select menu "Project" >> "Build" or Press F5 to build MSI package.

Now execute the setup package generated by Nvn Installer and check whether "test" directory is created in "D:" after installation.


Security Note

This sample is provided to illustrate a concept and should not be used in applications or Web sites. Naveen Hegde, author of Nvn Installer assumes no liability for incidental or consequential damages should the sample be used for purposes other than as intended.